full credit will be given if you answer correctly. 
a deduction of two points will be applied on all machine problems for each unexcused absence.
be on time.
if you have a term test on other subjects that coincide with the time of the project presentation, take the exam first then come back later for the presentation.

MP1 Product/Service  
   Product/Service CRUD datatable 8pts - Cedro ✅
   Product/Service CRUDRestore datatable upload a single photo 10pts - Cedro ✅
   Product/Service CRUDRestore datatable upload/view  multiple photos 15pts - Sherwin
   Product/Service CRUDRestore datatable upload/view  multiple photos, import products on excel worksheet. 20pts -     Sherwin

mp2 User CRUD 
   User Registration with upload photo 5pts - Cedro ✅
   User update profile and upload photo. 5pts - Cedro
   list users on a datatable. 5pts - Sherwin ✅
   admin can set the status of a user to active/inactive. update role of user. 5pts - Sherwin ✅

mp3 
   authentication. send an email verification after registration. only verified users can login. - Sherwin
   admin routes should be protected from unauthenticated and unauthorized (not admin role) users. 20pts- Sherwin ✅

mp4 Product review CRUD 
   customers that bought a product or service can post a review/comment and rating on that service or product. 8pts -    Cedro
   customers that bought a product or service can post and update a review/comment and rating on that service or product. 10pts - Cedro
   list all reviews on a datatable. 5pts - Sherwin
   the administrator can delete user reviews. 5pts - Sherwin

mp5 validation 15pts
   form validation add/edit product/service. user registration validation 15pts 

mp6 filter  
   * apply filter when a search for a service or product is made.
   product/services filter by price 10pts - Cedro
   product/services filter by price and category/brand/type 15pts - Cedro

mp7 charts 
   charts yearly sales, monthly sales, 8pts - Sherwin
   sales bar chart with date range (date picker), A pie chart showing the percentage of total sales contributed by each product. 15pts - Sherwin

mp8 search 
   search products on home page(no datatable search). use LIKE query 8pts - Cedro
   search products on home page(no datatable search). use model search 10pts - Sherwin
   search products on home page(no datatable search). use laravel scout with results pagination 15pts - Sherwin


term test 
   transaction. an email will be sent after a transaction has been completed. 10pts - Sherwin ✅
   administrator can update the status of the transaction. 5pts - Sherwin  ✅
   send an email after the update 5pts - Sherwin  ✅
   attach on the email the receipt in pdf format. the receipt contains the customer and order details. 10pts - Sherwin

u1 database design/migration 20pts 
   design should be at least 2nd normal form. 10pts ✅
   create the database using migration scripts 5pts ✅
   database seeding. seed all database tables 5pts 

u2 functional requirements completeness app complexity, added features. 10pts 
   program execution (errors), 10pts ✅
   project contribution 10pts ✅

quiz 4 user interface design 15pts ✅


- This is from me
- We need to make the products be like the steam page, when you click on it it has to take you to 
- A page where you can view the full description and shit.


